Switch GeoTools to use Java 11 as the minimum version (#4097)
geotools/geotools: docs/user/build/install/jdk.rst

Java Install
-------------

GeoTools is written in the Java Programming Language. The library is targeted for Java 11.

Java Run-time Environment:

* Java 17 - Experimentally supported in GeoTools 27.x and above (OpenJDK tested)
* Java 11 - GeoTools 21.x and above (OpenJDK tested)

> * Java 8 - GeoTools 15.x and above (OpenJDK and Oracle JRE tested)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Java 8 - GeoTools 15.x up to and including GeoTools 28.x (OpenJDK and Oracle JRE tested)
```

Author: Indeed

Adopt OpenJDK             GPL                 x     x              x       2022 September
========================= =================== ===== ====== ======= ======= ==============

> .. warning:: Since the API changes from Java version to version, building a GeoTools version with a newer Java SDK is risky (you may accidentally use a new method). Pull requests are tested against Java 8, but we do ask you to be careful.

Reviewer 2: This warning still has value; we can remove the sentence about testing pull requests  against Java 8, but as far as I know compiling with Java 17 may still accidentally reference new methods or changed method signatures resulting in byte code incompatibility.

Author: Yes indeed, but we do not officially support Java 17, only in an experimental way. We need a Java 17 specific section, the warning should not be in the Java 11 one. Would you like to add some wording about it?
